Season\'s Greetings! Be sure to take some time out of your busy life to enjoy the magic of the holidays this season.
May this holiday season sparkle and shine, may all of your wishes and dreams come true, and may you feel this happiness all year round.
Best friends are the apple pie of desserts.
They already beat out all the competition. Merry Christmas.
Best friends are to friendship like Christmas is to the other holidays: always on top. Have a merry one.
Christmas, my child, is love in action. Every time we love, every time we give, it\'s Christmas.
There is nothing more magical than decorated trees, lights, presents, family and friends to brighten up your life. Merry Christmas!
My best friend deserves nothing but the best, so I wrote this quote for you. Merry Christmas.
I wrapped my Christmas presents early this year, but I used the wrong paper. See, the paper I used said \'Happy Birthday\' on it. I didn\'t want to waste it so I just wrote \'Jesus\' on it.
During this season of giving, let us take time to slow down and enjoy the simple things. May this wonderful time of the year touch your heart in a special way. Wishing you much happiness today and throughout the New Year.
Best friends never have to ask permission for a favor, especially at Christmas. Could you… Just joking. Merry Christmas.
The thing about Christmas is that it almost doesn\'t matter what mood you\'re in or what kind of a year you\'ve had - it\'s a fresh start.
Give and receive love this holiday season and you will surely have a joyous Xmas. Best wishes to your family this season and always. May Christmas spread cheer in your lives!
Best friends are the apple pie of desserts. They already beat out all the competition. Merry Christmas.
Having you as my friend makes me feel as if it is Christmas every day. The warmth and comfort that comes with this season reminds me of you.
He who has not Christmas in his heart will never find it under a tree.
To my best friend: nothing could ever undersell my enthusiasm for you, not even Christmas itself. Have a merry one.
There is no greater gift this holiday season than spending time with family all around the Christmas tree.
I once wanted to become an atheist, but I gave up - they have no holidays.
Forgive? Forget? What? It\'s Christmas time so, whatever it was, forget about it. Merry Christmas.
May the message of Christmas fill your life with joy and peace. Best wishes to you and your family during this holiday season.
Wishing all my family members peace and love this holiday season. May you feel the joy in your home that you bring to me.
Christmas is for forgiveness, love, and cherishing those we are meant to cherish. Best friend: this year know that my caring for you is unconditional. Merry Christmas.
The excellence of a gift lies in its appropriateness rather than in its value.
Take time during the rush of the holidays to enjoy the things in life that really matter. Take in the serene moments spent with friends and loved ones, and may the wonder of Christmas surround you throughout the holiday season.
Merry Christmas to my best friend, the person who puts up with all my faults and loves me anyway. Oh and happy new year too.
Christmas waves a magic wand over this world, and behold, everything is softer and more beautiful. ~Norman Vincent Peale
I\'m wishing you blessings and joy this Christmas. I am so happy to call you a member of my family and I cherish spending time with you.
Christmas is the time to give gifts to your family and let them know how much you care about them, so that\'s what I\'m doing.
Don\'t worry about the fact that Christmas is almost here; I\'m still counting my blessings, like you, from last year. Merry Christmas.
Christmas is a time when you get homesick — even when you\'re home. ~Carol Nelson
During this time of faith and family, may the true meaning of Christmas fill you with joy. Wishing you a Merry Christmas and a blessed New Year.
He who has not Christmas in his heart will never find it under a tree. ~Roy L. Smith
Where could I find a best friend like you? Not at the North Pole, that\'s for sure. This year know that the best gift in my life are best friends like you. Merry Christmas.
The best present one can hope for this year is to spend time together. I can\'t wait to celebrate the holidays with you.
Christmas is the gentlest, loveliest festival of the revolving year — and yet, for all that, when it speaks, its voice has strong authority. ~W.J. Cameron
May God\'s blessing shine down upon you and your family this holiday season. Sending love from our family to yours.
As you celebrate the miracle of this special season, may your heart be filled with joy and peace. May these holiday blessings linger in your home and stay with you throughout the year.
The best of all gifts around any Christmas tree: the presence of a happy family all wrapped up in each other. ~Burton Hillis
This is a joyous season to take a step back from our busy lives and enjoy time with our loved ones. Best wishes to you and yours.
What can be better than opening presents, eating food and singing Christmas music? Doing all those things with family like you.
Enjoy the magic this holiday season by listening to music and celebrating the occasion with the people that you care for most.
One of the most glorious messes in the world is the mess created in the living room on Christmas day. Don\'t clean it up too quickly. ~Andy Rooney
The warmth and love surrounding Christmas is a joy to be savored with family and friends. It is a time to give and share with one another. Here\'s to wishing you the best this season has to offer.
There is no greater gift at Christmas than to have everything you want before you open the gifts. – Unknown
May you feel all the love and joy I have for you throughout this holiday season and all year round. Having you as my friend brings me great joy.
Christmas waves a magic wand over this world, and behold, everything is softer and more beautiful.  – Norman Vincent Peale
Christmas is a season of great joy: a time for remembering the past and hoping for the future. May the glorious message of peace and love fill you with joy during this wonderful season.
Christmas is a necessity. There has to be at least one day of the year to remind us that we\'re here for something else besides ourselves. – Eric Sevareid
A friend like you is what makes Christmas special to me. Nothing makes me happier than sharing this season with you and I can\'t wait for Christmas to get here.
Don\'t spend the holidays alone. Find a friend, family or other loved ones and enjoy their time and fellowship this season.
May Peace be your gift at Christmas and your blessing all year through! – Author Unknown
This time of year brings festivities and family fun. It is a time for reminiscing and looking forward. Wishing you wonderful memories during this joyous season.
Christmas is forever, not for just one day, for loving, sharing, giving, are not to put away ike bells and lights and tinsel, in some box upon a shelf. The good you do for others is good you do yourself. – Norman Wesley Brooks
We hope all of your dreams and wishes come true this holiday season and that you see the same results throughout the coming new year
Christmas is a time when kids tell Santa what they want and adults pay for it.  Deficits are when adults tell the government what they want and their kids pay for it. – Richard Lamm
Christmas brings family and friends together; it helps us appreciate the love in our lives we can often take for granted. May the true meaning of the holiday season fill your heart and home with many blessings.
During this Christmas season, may you enjoy the message of hope, love, and peace on Earth. May all of these holiday blessings be yours to keep. Here\'s to wishing you a Merry Christmas.
